Compilation Results:
********************

******Testing mp6******
******Test 0******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test passed
aliveStable test passed
******Test 1******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test passed
aliveStable test passed
******Test 2******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test passed
aliveStable test passed
******Test 3******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test passed
aliveStable test passed
******Test 4******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test passed
aliveStable test passed
******Test 5******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test passed
aliveStable test passed
******Test 6******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test passed
aliveStable test passed
******Test 7******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test passed
aliveStable test passed
******Test 8******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test passed
aliveStable test passed
******Test 9******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test passed
aliveStable test passed
******Test 10******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test passed
aliveStable test passed
******Test 11******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test passed
aliveStable test passed
******Test 12******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test passed
aliveStable test passed
******Test 13******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test passed
aliveStable test passed
******Test 14******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test passed
aliveStable test passed
******Test 15******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test passed
aliveStable test passed
******Test 16******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test passed
aliveStable test passed
******Test 17******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test passed
aliveStable test passed
******Test 18******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test passed
aliveStable test passed
******Test 19******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test passed
aliveStable test passed
******Test 20******
countLiveNeighbor test passed
updateBoard test passed
aliveStable test passed

coutLiveNeighbor test passed count: 21
aliveStable test passed count: 21
updateBoard test passed count: 21

Grade:
******
Late submission: 0
Functionality: 90
Comments and Style: 5 
Intro paragraph: 5
Total: 100
